Oh Mona, it's a song.
Learns them hard.
An the old niggas preacher was sitting on the log.
Oh Mona, his hand on the trigger and eye on the hog.
Oh Mona, the gun said boom and the hog said vip.
Oh Mona, say the preacher grabbed him with all his grip.
Oh Mona, Oh Mona, you shall be free.
Oh, Mona, you shall be free.
When the good Lord sets you free. Come around the chicken house on my knees.
Oh, Mona, say the preacher grabbed him with all his grip.
Oh, Mona, the hog went vip and the gun went boom. Oh Mona, say the preacher grabbed him with all his grip.
Oh, Mona, oh, Mona, you shall be free.
Please send the good Lord to set you free.
Come around the chicken house on my knees.
Oh, Mona, I thought I heard chicken sneeze.
Oh, Mona, sneezed so hard with the whooping cough.
Oh, Mona, he sneezed his head and his tail right off.
O Mona, O Mona, you shall be free, When the good Lord set you free.